In this homework you should create a collection of microservices that accomplishes the following:
One microservice will consist of a cloud function that can accept HTTP GET and HTTP POST requests from web clients.  The service should be able to respond to requests for the files in your bucket that you created in homework 2 and return the contents of the requested file along with a 200-OK status. If the request is a GET then the file should be part of the path.  If the request is a POST then the file should be part of the POST payload. Run this microservice as a separate special user that has permissions to access your bucket and publish to your pub-sub channel (see below)
Requests for non-existent files should return a 404-not found status.  Such erroneous requests should be logged to cloud logging using structured logs and simple print statements.
Requests for other HTTP methods (PUT, DELETE, HEAD, CONNECT, OPTIONS, TRACE, PATCH) should return a 501-not implemented status.  Such erroneous requests should be logged to cloud logging using structured logs and simple print statements.
Demonstrate the functionality of your app by using the provided http client to make 100 requests. This client only makes GET requests.
Use the curl command line utility to demonstrate the functionality of your app with respect to the GET, POST, 404 and 501 use cases
Use a browser to demonstrate one request for each of the aforementioned response status cases.
Modify the first service to extract the X-country header from requests coming from the provided http client and use that as identification about the source country of the request.  The US defines a list of countries (North Korea, Iran, Cuba, Myanmar, Iraq, Libya, Sudan, Zimbabwe and Syria) to which export of sensitive cryptographic material is prohibited.  We will pretend that the files stored in your storage bucket contain such materials.  The first service should return a 400 (permission denied) error to requests coming from the forbidden countries, and communicate such “forbidden” requests to a second service which should print an appropriate error message to its standard output, and append all such messages to a file in a separate directory in your storage bucket. Use curl to send some requests from the forbidden countries.
Your second service must run on your local laptop and use the same service account as the first service.  Research on how you can impersonate service accounts on a local laptop without using account keys, or use account keys and have your program use them.  Do NOT use “gcloud auth application-default login” as it is too powerful. Explain which mechanism you picked, how it works and why you picked it.

What to turn in:
The python code for your first and second apps as a github link in your pdf report
A pdf report file describing all the necessary steps to configure and run your services, including screenshots of your browser work from step #6, and the contents of cloud logging for the erroneous requests. Answer all questions asked in steps 1-8 above in this pdf file.
